Added documentation (#239)
aeternity/aesophia: docs/sophia_stdlib.md

<!--
Oh Hi! I see you are editing the stdlib documentation, that's really cool.
I have a request for you – if you are going to update some stuff here please
check if the comments in the sources are up to date as well. You may find them
in the priv/stdlib directory. Thanks!
-->

# Standard library

Sophia language offers standard library that consists of several namespaces. Some of them are already

> in the scope and do not need any actions to be used, while some others are hidden under includable

Reviewer: hidden isn't the best word here perhaps :-)

* `o` is the oracle being extended
* `ttl` must be `RelativeTTL`. The time to live of `o` will be extended by this value.

### query_fee
```
Oracle.query_fee(o : oracle('a, 'b)) : int
```

Returns the query fee of the oracle

### query
```
Oracle.query(o : oracle('a, 'b), q : 'a, qfee : int, qttl : Chain.ttl, rttl : Chain.ttl) : oracle_query('a, 'b)
```

Asks the oracle a question.
* The `qfee` is the query fee debited to the contract account (`Contract.address`).
* The `qttl` controls the last height at which the oracle can submit a response
  and can be either fixed or relative.
* The `rttl` must be relative and controls how long an answer is kept on the chain.
The call fails if the oracle could expire before an answer.

### get_answer
```
Oracle.get_answer(o : oracle('a, 'b), q : oracle_query('a, 'b)) : option('b)
```

Checks what is the optional query answer

### check
```
Oracle.check(o : oracle('a, 'b)) : bool
```

Returns `true` iff the oracle `o` exists and has correct type

### check_query
```
Oracle.check_query(o : oracle('a, 'b), q : oracle_query('a, 'b)) : bool
```

It returns `true` iff the oracle query exist and has the expected type.

## AENS

> The following functionalities are available for interacting with the Aeternity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following functionality is available for interacting with the Aeternity
```
